Docs: add FAQs (#152)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/faqs.md

# FAQs

## IOChaos

### Q: chaosfs sidecar container run failed, and log shows `pid file found, ensure docker is not running or delete /tmp/fuse/pid`

```
2020-01-19T06:30:56.629Z	INFO	chaos-daemon	Init hookfs
2020-01-19T06:30:56.630Z	ERROR	chaos-daemon	failed to create pid file	{"error": "pid file found, ensure docker is not running or delete /tmp/fuse/pid"}
github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error
```

> * Cause: Chaos-mesh uses fuse to hijack I/O operations, it will fail if there already exists the directory which chosen as the source path. This often happens when reuses a `Retain` reclaim policy PV when request a PVC resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cause: Chaos-mesh uses fuse to hijack I/O operations. It fails if you specify an existing directory as the source path for chaos. This often happens when you try to reuse a persistent volume (PV) with the `Retain` reclaim policy to request a PVC resource.
```

> * Cause: Chaos-mesh uses fuse to hijack I/O operations. It fails if you specify an existing directory as the source path for chaos. This often happens when you try to reuse a persistent volume (PV) with the `Retain` reclaim policy to request a PVC resource.

Reviewer 2: The Sidecar container will restarted all the time. You can describe what happens in this case.

> * Solution: In this case, you could use below command to change the reclaim policy to `Delete`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Solution: In this case, use the following command to change the reclaim policy to `Delete`:
```

# FAQs

## IOChaos

### Q: chaosfs sidecar container run failed, and log shows `pid file found, ensure docker is not running or delete /tmp/fuse/pid`

The chaosfs sidecar container is continuously restarting, and you may see following logs at the current sidecar container:

```
2020-01-19T06:30:56.629Z	INFO	chaos-daemon	Init hookfs
2020-01-19T06:30:56.630Z	ERROR	chaos-daemon	failed to create pid file	{"error": "pid file found, ensure docker is not running or delete /tmp/fuse/pid"}
github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error
```

> * Cause: Chaos-mesh uses fuse to hijack I/O operations. It fails if you specify an existing directory as the source path for chaos. This often happens when you try to reuse a persistent volume (PV) with the `Retain` reclaim policy to request a PVC resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cause: Chaos-mesh uses fuse to hijack I/O operations. It fails if you specify an existing directory as the source path for chaos. This often happens when you try to reuse a persistent volume (PV) with the `Retain` reclaim policy to request a PersistentVolumeClaims (PVC) resource.
```

> * Solution: In this case, use the following command to change the reclaim policy to `Delete`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Solution**: In this case, use the following command to change the reclaim policy to `Delete`:
```
